
 <style>
 #rex_markitup_preview {
  background:linear-gradient(to right, #DDDDDD 0%, #EEEEEE 14%, #EFEFEF 51%, #E0E0E0 88%, #DADADA 100%) repeat scroll 0 0 transparent;
  font-size:120%;
  padding:10px;
  }
 #rex_markitup_preview h1 {
  font-size:1.4em;
  margin:1em 0 0.2em 0;
  padding-bottom:0.2em;
  color:#5F5F5F;
  border-bottom: 1px solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.06);
  }
  #rex_markitup_preview h1.rex-title {
    color:#4F97D9;
    margin:1em 0 0.7em 0;
  }
  #rex_markitup_preview h1.rex-title:first-child {
    margin:1.3em 0 0.7em 0;
  }
  #rex_markitup_preview h2 {
    font-size:1.25em;
    margin:0.7em 0 0.5em 0;
    color:#4E4E4E;
  }
  #rex_markitup_preview h3 {
      color: #393939;
      font-size: 1.1em;
      margin: 1em 0 0.4em;
  }
  #rex_markitup_preview h4 {
    font-size:1em;
    margin:0.7em 0 0.3em 0;
    color:#393939;
  }
  #rex_markitup_preview h5 {
    font-size:0.8em;
    margin:0.6em 0 0.3em 0;
    color:#393939;
  }
  #rex_markitup_preview h6 {
    font-size:0.7em;
    margin:0.6em 0 0.3em 0;
    color:#393939;
  }
  #rex_markitup_preview li,
  #rex_markitup_preview p {
    font-size:0.8em;
    line-height:1.2em;
    margin:0.2em 0;
  }
  #rex_markitup_preview ul,
  #rex_markitup_preview ol {
  }
  #rex_markitup_preview ul,
  #rex_markitup_preview ol,
  #rex_markitup_preview li {
    margin:0.2em 0.8em !important;
  }
  #rex_markitup_preview hr {
    border:0;
    height:0;
    border-top: 1px solid #cbcbcb;
  }
  #rex_markitup_preview code {
    font-size: 1.2em;
    color:black;
    background-color: #F8F8F8;
    border: 1px solid #EAEAEA;
    border-radius: 3px;
    margin: 0 2px;
    padding: 0 5px;
    display:inline-block;
  }
  #rex_markitup_preview pre code {
    background: #eff9f9;
    color:#DD1144;
    font-size: 1em;
    padding:6px;
    margin:6px 0 6px 0;
    border-radius: 4px;
  }
  #rex_markitup_preview a:hover {
    text-decoration: underline;
  }
 </style>


 <div id="rex_markitup_preview">
<!-- Block Modifiers -->

h1(rex-title). headline h1(rex-title)

h1. headline h1

h2. headline h2

h3. headline h3

h4. headline h4

h5. headline h5

h6. headline h6

 <hr />

p.. Lorem *strong text* is **italic text** dummy ??some citation?? text -deleted text- of the +inserted text+ printing ^superscript^ and ~subscript~ typesetting industry. @some code@ Lorem %(bob)span% Ipsum ==notextile area== has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type h1 specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.

bq. A block quotation.

bq.:http://thresholdstate.com/ A cited quotation.

bc. <script>
// a Javascript example
alert("Hello World");
</script>

interner Redaxo link: "blah":redaxo://8
Redaxo: "http://www.redaxo.de/180-0-addon-details.html?addon_id=720":http://www.redaxo.de/180-0-addon-details.html?addon_id=720
SVN Versionen: "http://svn.rexdev.de/redmine/projects/addon-template/activity":http://svn.rexdev.de/redmine/projects/addon-template/activity

<!-- Lists -->

# Item one
# Item two
# Item three
## Item three one
## Item three two
## Item three three

* Item one
* Item two
* Item three
** Item three one
** Item three two
** Item three three

<!-- property blocks: -->

 </div>

